Of course, some people follow the rules.
Some people make the rules.
If you have to keep asking
I might as well tell you
Now these bottles of Glory Sendai look around
In my big summer
Although it is not for the ordinary rich to enjoy
But there are still one or two people who can afford it.
Good to know
But as far as I know
Those are the heads of state.
Native aristocracy
Or in our big summer
There are one or two people standing at the top
To deserve this
What are you?
Heads of great powers
native nobility
Miss Guan, are you so sure?
I'm not the one who got that bottle of wine
One? shut up
How dare you say such a big thing?
You are not afraid of taking on your identity
Misfortune comes from the mouth
Don't implicate our Shangguan family then
Grandma, don't be angry.
Some people.
It's all on this one, and it's still there.
But today there are so many witnesses
Even if this person says something disrespectful
It has nothing to do with my Shangguan family
Shangguan Linglong
Look at what you brought back.
Haha, you are really interesting.
How dare you say that at such a young age
Do you want to say
Which noble are you from the golden breeze of the building?
Flute, what a pity.
Which noble family does not have Xingye Island?
Oh, I see.
You want to be the first to touch porcelain
All monstrous beasts
Hahaha, you still have some brains.
Yes, I am the hero Qian Shao